Update cookies.md for clear regex explanation (#7499)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/cookies.md

## Cache-Varying Cookies

> Respond to a request with cached content depending on the presence and value of a particular cookie. It's important to note that in order for the response to be cached by Pantheon's Edge, the cookie name must match the following regular expression format: `STYXKEY[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+`. To make sure the cookie in question matches `STYXKEY[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+`, test your cookie with [Regex 101.](https://regex101.com/) 

Reviewer: I would like to see some changes, such as this, made to this PR:
```suggestion
Respond to a request with cached content depending on the presence and value of a particular cookie. It's important to note that in order for the response to be cached by Pantheon's Edge, the cookie name must follow these naming rules:
* Must begin with the 7 capital letters `STYXKEY`
* Must have one or more of the following:
	* letters `a-z` and `A-Z`
	* numbers `0-9`
	* underscore `_`
	* hyphen `-`

If you prefer a regular expression, the name must match the following format: `STYXKEY[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+`. Test your cookie with [Regex 101.](https://regex101.com/) 
```
